                                    
                                    
                                                ---=== EXAMPLE 1 DESCRIPTION ===---

Example 1 demonstrates how to begin writing code using SmileyBoi.  All code written should be placed inside the syntax “(: Code Here :)”. 
You begin the document with defining the name of the script you are writing, in example 1, I have name the script ‘example_1’. I then 
demonstrate how comments are placed in the document. After this I open up the main code block. Everything that needs to be ran should be 
called and created in here. The main method is identifiable with the structure “Smile->{ Code Here }”. Inside this main method I define my 
first variable. The assignment method requires a data type for new variables.  The first variable I define is a float this data type tag is 
‘flt’, the next I show an example of how expressions can be used to assign a variables value and finally I create a float array. I then go 
on to using the if statement, an if statement starts with a ‘?’ and is followed by parenthesis containing an expression. With a directional 
arrow we move on to the result block where a variable is redefined. After this there is an example of an if else statement, this is if an 
arrow continues after the block and another expression area is present. After this there is an else statement which is just a directional 
arrow and a block expression because it doesn’t require a satisfactory expression. The result of the big block should leave the array value at 
index 1 to be assigned to the value 4.2. 

                                                ---=== EXAMPLE 2 DESCRIPTION ===---

Example 2 shows the use of global methods and functions. Globals are defined after the script name is set. It is just like assigning a variable 
however it is outside the main methods scope. Here I define a boolean which takes the values ‘yes’ or ‘no’. Functions are defined with ‘f)’ and 
then given identification with a directional arrow, then there is an optional parameter area if the function requires it. Inside the function block 
‘increaseToTen’ there is a while loop. While loops are defined with the keyword ‘During’ and then a directional arrow which then takes in an 
expression, from there another direction arrow to the block inside of the loop. Inside there is a variable assign that takes into account an operator. 
There is then an if statement which demonstrates the changing of a boolean value. Then another if else statement that demonstrates the not function. 
Inside this if else statement there is an example of a return statement. Returns are written with ‘ret)’ and a directional arrow sending the variable 
to it. A function is a non void when it contains a return statement, similar to how JavaScript works. Non voids must always return something, in this 
case there is an else catch In the block that contains one which means the method is safe to use.  After the function there is the main method. Inside 
the method block there is an example of a function call being used inside of an assign statement. On the next line there is an example of a constant 
variable with the value of a recursive expression.

                                                ---=== EXAMPLE 3 DESCRIPTION ===---
                                                
Example 3 starts with the use of a function that does not return a value or take in any parameters. As you can see there is no need for parenthesis. 
The function simply prints the string “Hello World”. There is then another function which prints out two parameters that are passed into it. Inside of 
the main method there is a function call to helloWorld, this is how function calls without arguments are called. After that there is the assignment of 
an array that will have a size of 3. The values are then assigned to each index. There is then a loop. This is a for loop, to start it I use the keyword 
‘Go’ and a directional arrow to set all of the arguments and expressions. In side the block I am setting a string variable to an index value at an array 
and then calling the printValue function. I then declare a new float value I will use in the next loop statement. The next statement in similar to a for 
loop but only used with arrays. It will cycle through the array and apply it to the assigned variable of your choice. This is useful if you don’t need to 
see the index and just need to get through the array.

                                                ---=== EXAMPLE 4 DESCRIPTION ===---
Example 4 starts with a basic function which returns the value 10. In the main method there is the use of a do while statement. Inside I decrease a
variable I have created earlier to show the negate assignment syntax. The do while loop contains a small recursion of an expression and shows a function
returning a value being used as an expression. Inside the expression we also see use of the or statement. 